Squarespace makes this video possible.
Build your beautiful website at 10% discount squarespace.com/Wendover.
Imagine the train that takes you from Washington, DC to Dallas, Texas in nine hours... or Paris,
9 hours from France to Athens, Greece... or Adelaide in South Australia to Perth in the west
Nine hours in Australia.
These train journeys actually take 44 hours, 44 hours and 41 hours respectively
The idea of ​​any of these trips by train seems almost absurd for nine hours.
But in China, this is reality.
In September 2018, the country opened a brand new high-speed railway line
Train from Hong Kong to Beijing.
This is roughly the same distance from DC to Dallas, Paris to Athens, or Adelaide to Perth and
However, these trains took only 8 hours and 56 minutes.
What makes this even more impressive is ten years ago, in 2008, when
The Beijing Olympic Games formed China's high-speed rail network.
We have to zoom in because the degree of the network is a 19 mile long maglev train
Train from Shanghai Airport to suburbs Shanghai and traditional high-speed railway
From Beijing to the coastal city of Tianjin.
Ten years later, the network has expanded into this.
China’s high-speed circuit is eight times higher than France, ten times that of Japan, and twenty
There is as much time as in the United Kingdom, and five hundred times as much as in the United States.
In fact, China has as many high-speed rails as the rest of the world combined.
The amount of progress they have made is shocking and they have achieved success in such a short period of time.
Traditional high-speed railways exist in small, popular countries with large populations
Germany, France and Japan
China is neither of these things.
This country is huge, the same size as the United States, and it is not rich.
Although no longer poor, China is the ultimate middle-income country.
It is as rich as Mexico and Thailand, or Brazil
In fact, despite being related to the country’s fastest railway in the world, China is
It is also any high-speed railway in the world's poorest country.
Despite the size of this country, China’s huge population makes it very dense
In the eastern half.
This means that China does have big cities that are close together in reasonable places
Take the train instead of the plane.
For example, the travel distance from Guangzhou to Changsha is 350 miles, one hour or two hours by plane
20 minutes by train.
Consider the time it takes to check in, through security, and absolute boarding
It makes sense to take a train while traveling, these two cities did not even consider
That high-speed train flies cheaper than that one.
High-speed rail makes sense even in China. On longer routes, it won’t be anywhere else.
country.
For example, Beijing and Shanghai are 650 miles apart.
Usually this is too much for high-speed railways.
For example, Paris and Barcelona are 500 miles apart-closer than Beijing and Shanghai-but
There are only two high-speed trains per day compared to two cities, with about 20 flights.
Between Beijing and Shanghai, on the other hand, there are about 50 flights running every day.
To train 41.
Considering that the train carries more people, therefore, each train has a maximum of 1,200 trains
The main transportation between these two cities.
There are some differences between these two routes.
First, take the train to Beijing and Shanghai. Even so, Paris-Barcelona has 4 hours and 28 minutes
The distance is shorter and it takes longer 6 hours and 25 minutes.
However, another factor is competition.
Europe has an efficient air transport network often dominated by low-cost airlines
Far cheaper than trains.
You can find flights between Paris and Barcelona for just $12
The cheapest airline ticket price for Beijing-Shanghai flights is $74.
Air travel within China is also far from efficient.
China Southern Airlines, China Eastern Airlines and China International Airlines China's three major airlines arrive
The average on time is 67%, 66% and 63% respectively.
An important reason for this is that there is not enough space in the sky.
Most of China’s airspace is controlled by military airspace, meaning only these
Narrow flight corridors, accounting for 30% of the airspace where civilian aircraft can fly
There are a large number of aircraft, and there is not much space to fly. Aircraft are often delayed by air traffic.
Controlled waiting for airspace to clear which resulted in bad on-time ratings
The country's airline.
Although Beijing-Shanghai flights only require two hours of potential delay, and
All other factors that make air travel slower help to make trains a popular method
Transport on this longer route.
However, other train routes in China are not so well understood.
For example, in 2014, a new high-speed train opened between Lanzhou and Urumqi.
The relatively small scale of these two cities in China.
They all have a population of 3.5 million and they are just small towns.
They are also not close-about 1,000 miles apart.
So the project can be compared from Denver to the construction of high-speed trains
Seattle-Their moderately sized cities are far apart, and there is no big deal between the two.
Some people will use it, but it is not economically meaningful to do so.
In China, Lanzhou and Urumqi are not small cities, but it’s really no big deal
Between, at that distance, there is no feeling of not flying.
Lanzhou-Urumqi high-speed train requires 11 hours compared with 2.5 hours of flight
The construction cost of the production line is $2 billion, which means that if every seat is like this
Tickets filled with trains still cost $400 one way only to earn back
The construction cost is 30 years.
In fact, the ticket price is about $80 and the train is far from the full meaning of this railway line
Just frantically away from profitability.
According to reports, these trains do not even need to pay for electricity
For lines, not to mention construction and other operating costs.
So why does the Chinese government sink like this? Spend money on things that have no future
Really make money?
Okay, politics.
Urumqi is the capital of Xinjiang.
Although 92% of China’s population is the Han population, Xinjiang is mainly Uyghur
China’s ethnic minority groups have always had quite a strong separatist
The Uyghur movement from China often becomes violent.
However, Beijing’s central government wants the same in Xinjiang
Integration with other countries and regions of the country has tried various methods to force this
Including the relocation of Han Chinese into the area and the imprisonment of so-called Uighurs
"Re-education camp."
High-speed trains are the most recent strategy to bring Xinjiang closer to Beijing
This is no secret.
The central government is completely in a leading position that this line is to promote,
They call it "national unity".
This is not even the first time they have used this railway political strategy.
This area of ​​Tibet is better known than Xinjiang because of its independence movement, the last time
There are no railways in China and the population is scarce and the terrain is rugged.
The central government still hopes to establish it, but to bring it closer to other parts
This country, so they did.
The train now goes directly from Beijing to Lhasa, Tibet at the highest altitude of 47 hours
Railway lines in the world.
The altitude of these trains is 16,640 feet is too high, passengers have to use
Direct oxygen supply.
Even the train to Hong Kong is the goal of further integration of the central government
Hong Kong, which is a special autonomous administrative region, has entered mainland China.
The high-speed train that must go to Hong Kong is indeed more meaningful than the train
There are many Hong Kong people in Xinjiang Province who are not as enthusiastic about welcoming new services as they are
Treat them as violations of self-government and protect them by the Hong Kong Basic Law.
The most controversial part is not so. In fact, there is a train but that train
Hong Kong’s station includes an area that is now actually part of mainland China
Because people pass the border control before boarding the train in Hong Kong.
Just like any country, with high speed, what China's efficient railway network is doing
Unite the country and achieve its goals even if it comes together it is stronger
People who want to separate.
Regardless of their motives, it is clear that China is building a high-speed rail network
More efficient than any other country.
For comparison, this is California's plan to arrive from San Francisco. High-speed railway line
Los Angeles area.
It is currently in a very early stage of construction and is expected to open in 2029.
Of course, this means time to take California’s high-speed rail
The network from this to this is the same as China's high-speed rail time
The network goes from this to this. However, the main thing to look at is the cost.
This California network is expected to cost $77 billion and 520 miles long
Each mile will cost $148 million to build.
On the other hand, China is building their network at a cost of only $30 million each
mile.
Of course, China and China have lower labor costs and their network spans more rural areas
Land acquisition costs are lower, but what makes more sense is that they have been converted into buildings
High-speed railways have almost become assembly lines and they can even be mass-produced
The most expensive elements, such as viaducts and tunnels.
In real Chinese fashion, they have the scale to make high speed and cheap.
The huge difference between China and many people in the Western world, especially the country
Like the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, that’s the high-speed rail
The government's top priority.
Unsurprisingly, given their government structure, in many ways, China has social benefits,
At least through the central definition of government, profitability before development
Their high-speed rail network.
The high-speed railway line is not so advantageous, but other transportation like an airplane but
They are undoubtedly better for all countries so you must consider social welfare
When considering their overall profitability.
Suitable for high-speed rail routes from San Francisco to Los Angeles, for example, a study found
Social benefits from low-carbon emissions, increase worker efficiency and reduce casualties
There are fewer and fewer people coming from the road about $440 million per year.
It turns out that this is almost the exact amount the state must subsidize
Its break-even line.
The China Railway Corporation, a state-owned enterprise, is actually marginal,
Although it does have huge debts and is assisted by government subsidies.
However, the benefits to the Chinese people are great.
High-speed rail allows those who can’t to live in the most expensive cities
Like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, it is easy to commute from cheaper suburbs by high speed
rail.
Due to the high-speed railway, 75 million people can now commute to get off work
Within an hour.
It is developing some of the largest cities already in existence. When it comes to cities,
Size is power.
These lines connect the largest line cities in the east to some of the most profitable railways
The lines of the world, they are living in China, working easier, but the problem
Yes, when we look back decades, whether high-speed trains to small cities will
Makes sense.
Out of the desire to maintain a straight line between large cities, smaller stops
Cities are often in the countryside dozens of miles away from the city core.
For example, the high-speed station in Hengyang is a small city with only one million
45 minutes east of the city center.
Hopefully, new developments will appear around the site but this network structure,
Even if it saves time on the train, wasting time before and after will reduce efficiency
High-speed railway.
Overall, China is really the first country to conduct long-distance, high-speed tests
Accelerate the railway west through low density areas.
However, in the east, these trains are expanding the country's economic strength.
This is just one of the many factors accelerating China catching up with the richest people in the world
country.
Although China is building these trains to reduce construction and innovation
High-speed rail, the real reason why China is so good at building railways is because
They have one thing for almost everything else other countries lack-political will
Express train.
Whenever I want to launch something, the first new thing I think of
How to present it online.
I think of domain names, emails, websites, and I always do all Squarespace.
As you know now, Squarespace is an all-in-one solution for building networks
Whatever you do is present.
In the Internet age, it is incredibly important to show yourself online
Beautiful designer templates with Squarespace, customizable website builders, and 24/7 award-winning
Customer support helps you achieve all reasonable monthly expenses.
Learning is a better solution how to code a website or pay thousands
go a head.
Of course, it also becomes easier. In fact, you can get a 10% discount by going
squarespace.com/Wendover, you will get support to display by using the link.